# AnuraFIXED
An _**unofficial**_ fixed version of the GitHub Codespaces setup script for [AnuraOS](https://github.com/mercuryworkshop/anuraos) by [Mercury Workshop](https://github.com/mercuryworkshop) and an _**unofficial**_ fixed version of the static release ZIP file for [AnuraOS](https://github.com/mercuryworkshop/anuraos).

To set up everything, make a GitHub Codespace for this repository and type ```source start.sh```. That will set up everything you need and you can just continue building AnuraOS normally with ```source codespace-basic-setup.sh``` and etc.

I also added some of my own features to the set up script. You can run ```export AUTO=1``` before running ```source codespace-basic-setup.sh``` to enable "Auto mode", which is a feature that makes it so that when you start the GitHub Codespace, the AnuraOS server is automatically started as well. It also makes it so the GitHub Codespaces setup script automatically sets up the rootfs and starts the server after running ```make all```. You can also run ```export EXTREME=1``` before running the script to enable "Extreme mode", which is a feature that makes it so that AnuraOS uses the GitHub codespaces directly (like a proxy) for terminal-based internet access. This feature is great to enable if ```cloudflare-dns.com``` is blocked somehow. AnuraOS needs Cloudflare because it is the best and only way it can reliably connect to any website or server or etc. The only downside to enabling Extreme mode is that if you want to connect to the internet in AnuraOS at all, you need the GitHub Codespace to be running.

I also made it so that the AnuraOS server is automatically set to public port visibility because it is the only way internet access can work in AnuraOS after you've installed it with offline support and Extreme mode enabled. However, the public port visibility setting is only enabled automatically when you have Extreme mode and Auto mode enabled.

To get the fixed static release ZIP file for AnuraOS, go to the releases page of this repository. I also added two versions of the static release. The semi-static version, and the full-static version. The semi-static version works like the normal static version of AnuraOS, where it expects that you have a wisp server running on ```wss://<domain root>```. The full-static version automatically uses ```wss://anura.pro```, the default wisp server for the AnuraOS demo site. I made the full-static version because then it is technically fully static if you are hosting AnuraOS on your own domain.
